README.md, before:

# DKMS Spotify

[![Powered by Vercel](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com?utm_source=dkms&utm_campaign=oss)

Social media focused Web and Mobile application for Spotify. This [application](https://github.com/SCCapstone/DKMS/wiki/Project-Description) will consist of different feeds where users can post, share, and comment with other users. While also including items such as a personized profile page that enhances the user interaction experience. This application uses Spotifys Web API to build and pull data from current Spotify users. This is use frameworks such as Next.js and React.

## External Requirements

In order to build this project you first have to install:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Next-Auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)

## Setup

- Open Terminal
- Change into working directory
- “git clone https://github.com/SCCapstone/DKMS.git” into command line

## Running

Specify the commands for a developer to run the app from the cloned repo.

# Deployment

Webapps need a deployment section that explains how to get it deployed on the
Internet. These should be detailed enough so anyone can re-deploy if needed
. Note that you **do not put passwords in git**.

Mobile apps will also sometimes need some instructions on how to build a
"release" version, maybe how to sign it, and how to run that binary in an
emulator or in a physical phone.

# Testing

The unit tests use the regexep '*.ct.tsx'
The beavior tests are in '/cypress/e2e'.

## Testing Technology

Make sure to run 'yarn install' before testing. 

## Running Tests

In one terminal run the application using 'yarn dev'.
Then in a second terminal run the tests using 'yarn test'. A window will pop up prompting you to choose E2E testing (behavior) or component testing (unit). Once one is picked, those tests will run. 

# Authors

- Dalton Craven 20dalton00@gmail.com
- Sophie Crane sophieccrane@gmail.com
- Kevin Nguyen kevin.nguyen423@gmail.com
- Mason Joseph masondj1029@gmail.com

Commit message:

chore: change test Regex pattern

README.md, after:

# DKMS Spotify

[![Powered by Vercel](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)](https://vercel.com?utm_source=dkms&utm_campaign=oss)

Social media focused Web and Mobile application for Spotify. This [application](https://github.com/SCCapstone/DKMS/wiki/Project-Description) will consist of different feeds where users can post, share, and comment with other users. While also including items such as a personized profile page that enhances the user interaction experience. This application uses Spotifys Web API to build and pull data from current Spotify users. This is use frameworks such as Next.js and React.

## External Requirements

In order to build this project you first have to install:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Next-Auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)

## Setup

- Open Terminal
- Change into working directory
- “git clone https://github.com/SCCapstone/DKMS.git” into command line

## Running

Specify the commands for a developer to run the app from the cloned repo.

# Deployment

Webapps need a deployment section that explains how to get it deployed on the
Internet. These should be detailed enough so anyone can re-deploy if needed
. Note that you **do not put passwords in git**.

Mobile apps will also sometimes need some instructions on how to build a
"release" version, maybe how to sign it, and how to run that binary in an
emulator or in a physical phone.

# Testing

The unit tests use the regex `**/*.test.{ts,tsx}`.
The beavior tests are located in `/cypress/e2e` and use the regex `**/*.spec.{ts,tsx}`.

## Testing Technology

Make sure to run 'yarn install' before testing.

## Running Tests

In one terminal run the application using 'yarn dev'.
Then in a second terminal run the tests using 'yarn test'. A window will pop up prompting you to choose E2E testing (behavior) or component testing (unit). Once one is picked, those tests will run.

# Authors

- Dalton Craven 20dalton00@gmail.com
- Sophie Crane sophieccrane@gmail.com
- Kevin Nguyen kevin.nguyen423@gmail.com
- Mason Joseph masondj1029@gmail.com
